WebApps only support User group assignment by Apple (#2450)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/enrollment/device-enrollment-shared-ipad.md

1. To deploy a VPP or custom app to Endpoint Manager, add the apps in Apple Business Manager or Apple School Manager and synchronize the VPP token. Assign a VPP or custom app as device-licensed to Azure AD device groups in Intune. For more information, see [Synchronize a VPP token](../apps/vpp-apps-ios.md#synchronize-a-vpp-token).
2. To add a line-of-business app in Endpoint Manager and assign it to Azure AD device group. For more information, see [Add an iOS/iPadOS line-of-business app to Microsoft Intune](../apps/lob-apps-ios.md).
3. To add a web app in Endpoint Manager and assign it to Azure AD User group. For more information, see [Add a web app to Intune](../apps/web-app.md#add-a-web-app-to-intune). 

> 4. For assigning apps to Shared iPads, you should use Azure AD device groups (**Except for Web Apps as only User groups are supported on Shared iPads** [Apple's website](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement/webclip). You can use home screen layout settings in device configuration profile assigned to Azure AD user groups to show or hide different sets of apps to different users on a Shared iPad.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For assigning apps to Shared iPads, you should use Azure AD device groups (except for web apps, as only user groups are supported on Shared iPads). You can use home screen layout settings in the device configuration profile assigned to Azure AD user groups to show or hide different sets of apps to different users on a Shared iPad.  
```
